1. How do functions help facilitate teamwork?
When a program is developed as a set of functions that each performs an individual task, then different programmers can be assigned the job of writing different functions.

2. Name and describe the two parts of a function definition.
a. the function header marks the beginning of a function definition.
b. A block is simply a set of statements that  perform anytime the function is exicuted.

3. When a function is executing, what happens when the end of the function block is reached?
When the end of the function block is reached, the interpreter jumps back to the part of the program that called the function.

4. What is a local variable? What statements are able to access a local variable?
A local variable is created inside a function and cannot be accessed by statements that are outside the function.

5. What scope do parameter variables have?
A parameter variable's scope is the function in which the parameter is used.

6. Why do global variables make a program difficult to debug?
Any statement in a program file can change the value of a global variable, you have to track down every statement that accesses it to determine where the bad value is coming from. In a program with thousnads of lines of code, this can be difficult.

7. Suppose you want to select a random number from the following sequence:
0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30
What library function would you use?
randrange() from the random function

8. What statement do you have to have in a value-returning function?
you need to have a return statment to return a value back to the function call.

9. Draw an IPO chart that documents the input, processing, and output of the built-in input function.

10. What is a Boolean function?
a boolean function is a function that return a true/false value.

11. What are the advantages of breaking a large program into modules?
large programs are easier to debug and maintain when they are divided into modules.

it maks the program  easier to understand, test, and maintain.

you can reuse the same code in other programs that may need the same function.



