
1. The phrase “divide and conquer” means that all of the programmers on a team should be divided and work in isolation.
FALSE: divide and conquer means when a large task is divided into several smaller tasks that are easily performed

2. Functions make it easier for programmers to work in teams.
TRUE

3. Function names should be as short as possible.
FALSE: a function's name should be descriptive enough so anyone reading your code can reasonably guess what the function does.

4. Calling a function and defining a function mean the same thing.
FALSE: A function definition spcifies a what a function does, but it does not cause the function to execute. To execute a function, you must call it.

5. A flowchart shows the hierarchical relationships between functions in a program.
FALSE: A hierarchy chart or structure chart gives a visual representation of the relationships between functions.

6. A hierarchy chart does not show the steps that are taken inside a function.
TRUE

7. A statement in one function can access a local variable in another function.
FALSE: A variable is visible only to statements in the variable's scope.

8. In Python, you cannot write functions that accept multiple arguments.
FALSE: multiple parameters written as part of a function are often referred to as a parameter list.

9. In Python, you can specify which parameter an argument should be passed into a function call.
TRUE 

10. You cannot have both keyword arguments and non-keyword arguments in a function call.
FALSE: It is possible to mix positional arguments and keyword arguments in a function call, but the positional arguments must appear first, followed by the keyword arguments.

11. Some library functions are built into the Python interpreter.
TRUE

12. You do not need to have an import statement in a program to use the functions in the random module.
FALSE: To use the random functions in the random module, the import random statement must be used.

13. Complex mathematical expressions can sometimes be simplified by breaking out part of the expression and putting it in a function.
TRUE 

14. A function in Python can return more than one value.
TRUE 

15. IPO charts provide only brief descriptions of a function’s input, processing, and output, but do not show the specific steps taken in a function.
FALSE: the IPO describes the input, processing, and output of a function.


